[Music]
meet the O'Connell's
Frank is a mathematics teacher but with
a real passion for DIY in his home
workshop he always has his tablet handy
he uses it for quick access to practical
advice using how-to videos on YouTube
Franks married to Joan who when she's not
out and about in her job as a midwife is
always busy planning the family's next
getaway she's doing a Spanish language
course using a Duolingo app she tries
to do at least one exercise each day to
build up her skills in advance of this
summer's trip to menorca she's
determined that at least one of them
should speak some of the lingo Belinda
is Frank and Joan's oldest child she's
been working in a bank now for five
years and has determined to progress
quickly up the ladder she's doing an
online MBA course currently she's
participating in a business game with
hundreds of other students worldwide to
support her in the game she has access
to dozens of short tutorials which
provided insights into aspects of
business finance
lastly 1st ed Belinda's brother he was
learning to be a plumber this involves
him going into college for day each week
in between he's designed lots of short
modules to work through on his own
covering all sorts of technical subjects
[Music]
although they may not know it all of the
O'Connell's are benefiting from the joys
of micro learning self-directed learning
delivered in small chunks Frank uses
YouTube as a form of performance support
to help him carry out his DIY task Joan
uses her duolingo app for regular spaced
practice of her Spanish language skills
the Linda uses short modules to provide
her with support as and when she needs
it
as she immerses herself in a more major
learning task the online business game
and feb is assigned self-study content
to complete as part of a blended
solution that makes up this college
course in summing four ways in which
micro learning helps the O'Connell's and
increasing numbers of people all over
the world to achieve their learning
goals and get the job done day in day
out
[Music]